once they go sugar so there's all the
things that happen behind the scenes
that you guys don't always see there's
four of us on this channel it's been
about 18 months since we started this
and they're just running a business with
with friends there's just a lot of
decisions that have to be made and a lot
of traveling and it's just different we
just have different plans and things are
just going to be changing a little bit
all right well you go and I know
personally I I've been dodging a lot of
person he's been extremely hard for me
to continue doing this and we're no
longer making a video week we're going
to be mixing beer
[Applause]
[Music]
oh all right so we did Thursday videos
about a year ago when we first started
making YouTube videos we decided to make
two week and it was hard to keep up but
now we're back we're going to make two
videos a week one on Thursday one on
Sunday okay
okay before we move on explaining all
the amazing things that going to happen
to this channel this year I have to
address the video we posted on Monday
for the first time ever we addressed a
political topic in a video and we lost
about a thousand yes fam members and got
quite a bit of hate for the first time
for us we're not used to having a lot of
hateful comments most of the most we
pride ourselves for having a very
positive comment section and this time
you really didn't so for us you have to
understand that it wasn't about politics
it was about us literally being able to
stay in this country there's a big
chance we might have to move back to
Canada now because of everything
happening and so it's a very emotional
and stressful time for us um you just
had to you had to know about that there
was just no way we can express it with
the platform we have if you're still
here and you disagree with the video we
made you must be an incredibly awesome
and open-minded person you have to
understand that yes theory we're a
family which means that we can disagree
on politics but still get along we can
still agree on what the yes theory
mindset and lifestyle is and now I'll
get let Matt get back to explaining all
the amazing things that will happen you
really wanted tune in all the way to the
end on Thursdays we won't have a more
one-on-one conversation with you guys so
it could be more personal you're going
to learn more about us about our opinion
maybe some advice that we have from what
we've learned and some behind the scenes
stories that
I'm kind of crazy right there we're
going to have Q&A segment in distance
Thursday video so always be asking
questions in the college and we know
point is that we want to start a
conversations all the new subscribers
that we're getting and all the people
who are subscribing
not just the YouTube channel but more
more of a philosophy and lifestyle that
we are trying to promote our videos so
again to reiterate Thursday's are going
to need for us to engage with you and be
able to start a conversation and we feel
that we haven't been doing that enough
okay but are we talking about this
doesn't stir jails kind of a boy yeah so
those kind of a pointless video I guess
standards is something you say thank you
brother those without a thing
so you just and I guess we all just
wanted to say thank you for 100,000
subscribers and even more John a battle
run around I'm the last I've ever heard
of any last ones I am not just bad but
good look at his that our goal was to
hit hundred thousand before New Year's
and we hit it three days before New
Year's one day with his early thirties
in the 30s we were all in different
countries names in Turkey I wasn't even
talking and friends and Matt on the post
Rico for Christmas and we hit hundreds
of subscribers on December 30th so one
day away from and our goal for this year
she's an ambitious ones but is to reach
one moon
by the end this year hopefully you guys
can help us make it happen each of them
sell 10 print one in a million
so sure if you want to tell Kent friend
so that you can help us get it
I smell otherwise we're gonna have to
make a viral video a viral video yeah
tomorrow video what could that lecture
as I just can't talk to the finance and
I'm just saying okay you're right it was
all good yeah we're good
okay guys so it's gotten pretty
desperate and we really really want a
million subscribers so we decided that
we have to make a viral video
Darren is going right now
there we're not going to taste there but
please thumbs up okay
goat am I giving any of you guys for
month off just one last thing when we
asked you guys to follow us on different
social platforms whether it's Instagram
or snapchat it's not because we really
just want to be you know have a million
followers on Instagram it's more that by
going in different platforms we're able
to share the yes theory and we're able
to share the philosophy and lifestyle
with more people that use these
different social media platforms so
because I always feel we always feel bad
when we like when we snap or ask people
to like follow us on Instagram at the
end thinking that it's just for our own
like four but poses is serious is it
down here not yeah so go out do
something interesting with your life to
that so just watch your videos for
everyone that has been asking us to put
out challenges that people can do on a
weekly basis we are working on it and
hopefully throughout the Thursday
segments will be rolling something out
where people can join us on weekly
adventures and let us know how the
experience went and and all that so when
we end this Felix ended thank you today
no silly next time thank you see you
next Sunday no see you lose it no see
you on Sunday right yeah no see on
something
did he say see on something I know you
like something yeah I know I know you
want to note as well
[Music]